output port 1: 552 packets
output port 2: 382 packets
output port 3: 602 packets
output port 4: 212 packets
output port 5: 0 packets
output port 6: 2 packets
output port 7: 2 packets
output port 8: 0 packets
output port 9: 0 packets
output port 10: 39 packets
output port 11: 11 packets
output port 12: 0 packets
output port 13: 0 packets
output port 14: 0 packets
output port 15: 0 packets
output port 16: 0 packets
output port 17: 0 packets
output port 18: 0 packets
output port 19: 0 packets
output port 20: 0 packets
output port 21: 0 packets
output port 22: 0 packets
output port 23: 0 packets
output port 24: 0 packets
output port 25: 0 packets
output port 26: 0 packets
output port 27: 0 packets
output port 28: 0 packets
output port 29: 0 packets
output port 30: 0 packets
output port 31: 0 packets
output port 32: 0 packets
output port 33: 0 packets
output port 34: 0 packets
output port 35: 0 packets
output port 36: 0 packets
output port 37: 0 packets
output port 38: 0 packets
output port 39: 0 packets
output port 40: 0 packets
output port 41: 0 packets
output port 42: 0 packets
output port 43: 0 packets
output port 44: 0 packets
output port 45: 28 packets
output port 46: 0 packets
output port 47: 0 packets
output port 48: 0 packets
output port 49: 65 packets
output port 50: 0 packets
